1.	CALL MEETING TO ORDER

	-	Meeting called to order at 1:00pm on 10/28/2016

2.	ROLL CALL 
	
	With all principal officers present and the typical attendance, we have consideration for a bonafide meeting.
	
3.	ADOPTION OF AGENDA  

	Seeing no objection the agenda was adopted
	
4.	ADOPTION OF MINUTES 
	
	A.	This Committee will consider the adoption of the minutes from 14-Oct-16.
	
		Seeing no corrections and no objection, the minutes were adopted.
		
5.	PUBLIC COMMENT
	
	- 1:03pm Colin commented on trying getting together with Chris, but was unable to.  
	
	Continued conversation on making sure that we take care of our competitive teams relying on ourselves.
	
	- Public comments closed at 1:05pm
	
6.	INDIVIDUAL REPORTS 

	A.	Chair, President, Chad Hidalgo

		- Report contained within new business

	B.	ICC Representative, Alec Sherlock

		- ICC was cancelled for today

	C.	Treasurer, Colin Audet

		- No changes to status of treasury due to no fundraising activity as yet

	D.	Advisor, Richard Miles and/or Manuel Fernandez 

		- No report

	E.	Community Advisor, Edward Webb

		- No report

7.	UNFINISHED BUSINESS 

	A.	Chris Guillen to talk about team tryouts planning
	
		- Postponed due to Chris being absent.  

		- Chris has become unreliable, need to move forward with e-sports 
		
		planning on our own, Colin assigned to self.
		
8.	NEW BUSINESS 

	A.	Discuss November and December meetings pre-empted by school holidays alternative planning

		- 1:07pm  Meeting days throughout November to January.  Discussion on whether or not we should

		game somewhere else on those days.  Decided on meeting at Tony’s Pizza on November 11th and on January 13th
		
	B.	OSL production work on Logo 

		– rough draft

		- 1:12pm  Discussion on logo ideas, based on the two ideas we already had. 

		Keyboard shield, horse, Gaming headset over helmet, and start button as the Campus Gamer logo.

	C.	Masquerade Ball and Haunted House tomorrow, beginning at noon, need help

		- 1:22pm  Discussion of whether or not anyone wants to assist with the event, 

		and if they do, they will gain free access inside of the ball.

	D.	Extra Life – Team Renegamers registration for November 5th 

		– spend time actually doing on computers and placing links to facebook. 

		- 1:26pm Talked about signing up to Team Renegamers for the extra life event.

9.	COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS (The Chair shall recognize in turn members requesting the floor for a period not to exceed three minutes.)
	
	- 1:28  Theatre Club is holding a series of plays tonight, info on Slack
	
	- 1:28  Screening Suicide squad here on campus on the 23rd, 
	
	but it may be postponed for a week until December 1st  
	
	Forum building 101 building.
	
	- 1:30  Chad Hidalgo explained using memes on the slack.  
	
	{/memes Gandalf | You Shall Not Pass| Finals Week.}  
	
	{/movies [soon, now, or popular]}
	
X.	ADJOURNMENT and Next Meeting Reminder 

	- Meeting adjourned for free play at 1:37pm.

	- Next meeting will be November 11th and will be held at Tony’s Pizza, 3615 Mt. Vernon.

