1.	CALL MEETING TO ORDER

	A.	Meeting was called to order by Chad Hidalgo at 1:05 PM
	
2.	ROLL CALL 

	A.	Time was allowed time for participants to register their names and contact information into MyAttendanceTracker.com
	
3.	ADOPTION OF AGENDA 

	A.	The agenda was adopted
	
4.	ADOPTION OF MINUTES 

	A.There are no minutes to be adopted at this meeting

5.	INDIVIDUAL REPORTS 

	A.	Chair, President, Chad Hidalgo

		i.	Brief introductions of organizing officers and purpose

	B.	ICC Representative, Alec Sherlock

	C.	Treasurer, VACANT

	D.	Advisor, Richard Miles and/or Manuel Fernandez

6.	UNFINISHED BUSINESS 

	A.	There is no unfinished business at this time.

7.	NEW BUSINESS 

	A.	Introduce organizing officers and advisors.
	
		i.	Professor Fernandez spoke about BC desire to participate in e-sports league. Dean Rozell, 
		
		Todd Coston (IT), and Nicky Damania (Office of Student Life) on board. He mentioned his passion 
		
		for including youth in technology education and e-sports as a means to provide scholarships 
		
		and participation.
	
	B.	Introduce Constitution and Mission Statement
		
		i.	Colin Audet volunteered tentatively for the position of treasurer so long as help is available
	
	C.	Introduce Extra Life Agenda
	
	D.	Introduce Fund Raising at the movies
	
	E.	Poll attendees for desired outcome
	
	F.	Introduce e-sports planning
	
		i.	Chris Guillen spoke about collegiate e-sports leagues and joining
		
		ii.	Need for advertising, spread the word to friends
		
		iii.	Jerseys
		
		iv.	Name
		
		v.	Try outs 
		
		vi.	Consistent with e-sports rules
		
		vii.	Coaches needed for specific games – further discussion 
		
		viii.	Focus on 1 or 2 games – choose on Slack Poll
		
		ix.	Practice time, meeting arrangements
			
			a.	?Dagneys – “the new BC student lounge”?
		
		x.	Need for T-Mobile to set up account for regular hot spot or IT to open bandwidth
		
		xi.	Researching college leagues 
		
		xii.	Flyers – limited to 25 by BC rules, Must be stamped by office of Student Life prior to posting.
		
		xiii.	Bakersfield ComicCon coming up
		
		xiv.	County Fair 
		
		xv.	Streaming advertising
		
8.	COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS 

	A. When business items are concluded the remaining time until 3:30 can be used for gaming of any type. 
	
	B. Breakdown and clean-up must begin at 3:30 and be concluded by 4:00

9. 	ADJOURNMENT 

	A.	Meeting adjourned at 4:00 PM. 

	B. Next meeting 09/23/2016 1:00 PM


