[Listen to a recording of this meeting](https://fccdl.in/nv4ihq06c)

1.	CALL MEETING TO ORDER

	Meeting was called to order at 1:10 PM
	
2.	ROLL CALL

	All principal officers are present and typical attendance for consideration of a bona fide meeting 
	
3.	ADOPTION OF AGENDA 

	Seeing no objection, the agenda is adopted
	
4.	ADOPTION OF MINUTES 

	This Committee will consider the adoption of the minutes from 9/9/2016.

		Diego Diaz – I haven’t received any e-mails, can I be added in? That was an oversight that will be corrected.

		Lawrence Salcido - Can the minutes and agenda be posted to the Slack? Yes

	Seeing no objection, the minutes from 09/23/2016 are adopted.

5.	PUBLIC COMMENT 

	If we wanted to discuss any of these items further we would have to ask for them to be added to the agenda? 

	Yes, we can bring them back up by request.
	
	Solicited for secretary – Alex Hazelwood volunteered.
	
	Add how to conduct tryouts to next agenda
	
	Post screen names in Slack, social gaming activity outside of club meetings.
	
6.	INDIVIDUAL REPORTS 

	A.	Chair, President, Chad Hidalgo

		i.	Forgot to open the conference call last meeting, quick demo on how to join call.

		ii.	Alex “Blake” Hazelwood is filling in as Secretary for today.

		iii.	Open officer positions 

	B.	ICC Representative, Alec Sherlock

		i.	Homecoming

		ii.	Workshops – go online to SGA Resources for schedule

		iii.	Halloween Ball

		iv.	SGA DSO pushing for clubs involvement and engagement for bonus grants funding

	C.	Treasurer, Colin Audet
	
		No report
	
	D.	Advisor, Richard Miles and/or Manuel Fernandez 
	
		No report

	E.	Community Advisor, Edward Webb

		No report

7.	UNFINISHED BUSINESS 

	A.	No Unfinished Business

8.	NEW BUSINESS 

	A.	Esports – 

		i.	League of Legends – 1st Place Club Pick

		ii.	Overwatch – current 2nd Place Club Pick

		iii.	Chris Guillen

	B.	Fundraisers

		Lanyard sales for movie premiers, preliminary work needs to get done.

	C.	Spreading awareness of the club on campus

	D.	?Cat pictures? Chris was just joking but interested to see that the comment was posted on the agenda.

9.	COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS 

10.	ADJOURNMENT 

	A.	Meeting adjourned at 2:05 
	
	B. Next Meeting – October 14, 2016; 1:00 PM
