	NOT A FINALIZED AGENDA

1. CALL MEETING TO ORDER - 

	PLEASE NOTE CHANGE OF VENUE DUE TO CAMPUS HOLIDAY -
	Tony’s Pizza, 3615 Mt. Vernon

2. ROLL CALL 

	(The Secretary &Treasurer will determine the number of paid, active members are present out of those on record. 
	
	A majority quorum must be established to hold a bonafide meeting.)

3. ADOPTION OF AGENDA 

	(The Committee will discuss this agenda and may choose to amend or edit the agenda. 
	
	Upon conclusion of the discussion the Committee must adopt the agenda.) 

4. ADOPTION OF MINUTES 

	(The Committee will discuss those minutes and may choose to amend or edit the minutes. 
	
	Upon conclusion of the discussion the Committee must adopt the minutes.)
	
	A. This Committee will consider the adoption of the minutes from 14-Oct-16.

5. PUBLIC COMMENT 

	(The Chair will take public comment on any action item on this agenda. 
	
	The time allowed for public comment shall not exceed five minutes. 
	
	Speakers will be allowed one minute.)

6.	INDIVIDUAL REPORTS 

	(The Chair shall recognize any executive officer of the Association, including the Advisor(s), 
	
	to offer a report on official activities since the previous meeting and make any summary 
	
	announcements deemed necessary for no longer than five minutes.)
	
	A. Chair, President, Chad Hidalgo
	
	B. ICC Representative, Alec Sherlock
	
	C. Treasurer, Colin Audet
	
		i.	Movie night results and deposit
		
	D. Advisor, Richard Miles and/or Manuel Fernandez 
	
	E. Community Advisor, Edward Webb

7.	UNFINISHED BUSINESS 

	(Items listed in this agenda item have already been read or discussed once 
	
	and thus are considered for approval of the committee )
	
	A. Chris Guillen to talk about team tryouts planning

8. NEW BUSINESS 

	(Items listed in this agenda item have not already been read or discussed once 
	
	and thus are considered for approval of the committee) 
	
	A. OSL developments on Logo
	
	B.	Colin report on e-sports meeting
	
	C.	Fundraiser plans


9.	COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS 

	(The Chair shall recognize in turn members requesting the floor for a period not to exceed three minutes.)

10. ADJOURNMENT 
	A.	Next Meeting will be 01/13/2017 
	
	B.	Happy holidays and good studies on finals, continue to use Slack, 
	
	if you want to meet up and play games over the break, feel free. 
	
	We will not be having any official meetings until January.
