1.	CALL MEETING TO ORDER

2.	ROLL CALL 

	(The Secretary &Treasurer will determine the number of paid, active members are present out of those on record. 
	
	A majority quorum must be established to hold a bonafide meeting.)

3.	ADOPTION OF AGENDA 

	(The Committee will discuss this agenda and may choose to amend or edit the agenda. 
	
	Upon conclusion of the discussion the Committee must adopt the agenda.) 

4.	ADOPTION OF MINUTES 

	(The Committee will discuss those minutes and may choose to amend or edit the minutes.
	
	Upon conclusion of the discussion the Committee must adopt the minutes.)
	
	A. This Committee will consider the adoption of the minutes from 9/9/2016.

5.	PUBLIC COMMENT 

	(The Chair will take public comment on any action item on this agenda. 
	
	The time allowed for public comment shall not exceed five minutes. Speakers will be allowed one minute.)

6.	INDIVIDUAL REPORTS 

	(The Chair shall recognize any executive officer of the Association, including the Advisor(s), 
	
	to offer a report on official activities since the previous meeting and make any 
	
	summary announcements deemed necessary for no longer than five minutes.)
	
	A.	Chair, President, Chad Hidalgo
	
		i.	Forgot to open the conference call last meeting, quick demo on how to join call.
		
	B.	ICC Representative, Alec Sherlock
	
	C.	Treasurer, Colin Audet
	
	D.	Advisor, Richard Miles and/or Manuel Fernandez 
	
	E.	Community Advisor, Edward Webb

7.	UNFINISHED BUSINESS 

	(Items listed in this agenda item have already been read or discussed once
	
	and thus are considered for approval of the committee )
	
	A.	No Unfinished Business

8.	NEW BUSINESS 

	(Items listed in this agenda item have not already been read or discussed once 
	
	and thus are considered for approval of the committee) 
	
	A.	Esports – 
	
		i.	League of Legends – 1st Place Club Pick
		
		ii.	Overwatch – current 2nd Place Club Pick
		
		iii.	Chris Guillen
		
	B.	Fundraisers
	
	C.	Spreading awareness of the club on campus
	
	D.	?Cat pictures?

9.	COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS 

	(The Chair shall recognize in turn members requesting the floor for a period not to exceed three minutes.)

10.	ADJOURNMENT 
	A.	Next Meeting – October 14, 2016; 1:00 PM
